Hai...Ondes Hai.
Onigiri! onigiri.
So, tarako.
me
Oh.
Mayonnaise, yes, yes.
I am classically it.
shock.
Salmon. Salmon.
Oh, I see.
Japanese. Ah.
it is for...
Tuna, tuna mayonnaise, I think it's Japanese.
They put... um. Like um, um...
Sandwich to Japanese, but if it's for the California roll
America.
Too, too sour?
too...
Tuna flavor?
I was a Mayora when I was a kid.
So I put rice and then mayonnaise and then I would eat it.
But like those who really loves mayonnaise... um
You know they get, they have lots of different varieties of mayonnaise.
so they can just taste it kind of like a souvenir for the mayonnaise
They can taste it and they can say exactly what brand and what type of mayonnaise it is.
And then to our surprise, they're like...
Hundreds of types of mayonnaise. Yeah.
I think it's like a donut.
Oh, yeah, yeah, the melty, melty cheese.
Aah.
I think up to mayonnaise I can eat it but because I don't like cheese
But that sounded good to you, right? Mayonnaise, yeah.
Kimchi, mayonnaise and
cheese pour it. Yeah...
So going back to...
Bananas you don't like, so what is the food that you don't, I know you don't like banana.
She doesn't...
How old were you?
She told me that she didn't like mayonnaise. I mean, not mayonnaise, banana.
And on her birthday, I brought a pie.
Strawberry, banana pie.
I forgot about it. Not intentionally.
So I don't like cheese and
any type of a dairy dairy dairy food like
milk, butter...
Ice cream is okay as, as long as it's not milky like
there's like a special, a fresh
fresh milk.
Yeah.
perfectly fine but if you go to like a
um... a...the Buko sor...
farm, dairy farm and then they have
the fresh melt ice cream. Ah.
Not me, never.
Oh.
Yeah.
I love raw oysters, yeah yeah so
I think I liked it since I was a little kid. My
my parents were surprised that when I was like two or something I ate that raw ice
oysters.
Yeah.